Hello again and welcome to this course overview lecture I have one favor to ask of you and it's that
you don't skip this section of the course.
I know it can be very tempting to jump straight to some Python content but we cover some really important
and helpful things in this lecture mainly we're going to be discussing how to approach this course and
how to get help during the course first off in case you didn't catch it in the previous welcome video.
I want to make really clear that this course is going to be pretty different than any other course on
you to me.
I wanted to try to make learning Python as engaging and as fun as possible.
So there's a narrative story that goes along with this course and that includes seeing videos of actors
and characters.
I hope that this story helps give you context for the different tasks you're going to be learning.
I've tried to build elements of the story so it feels real including building real web sites e-mails
maps and more all to serve the story.
However I do understand that this approach isn't going to be for everyone especially if you already
know some Python and maybe just want to quickly jump into a particular topic like learning web scrapin
of Python.
This course is also designed to be modular so you can skip around two different sections if you want.
But if you are a beginner I would really recommend you start from the beginning.
Follow the narrative and I believe you'll make your entire experience more memorable and enjoyable.
Now let's discuss getting notes for the course we will mainly use a notebook system during the course
for typing out code and sharing notes.
Every single lecture has a fully explained book with example code and text.
Basically you pretty much also have the rule book along with this video course.
For example let's take a quick look at what these notebooks look like.
Here's what the course notes look like and you can see that there's folders and they're numbered basically
by section so you can just take them in order or you can jump to certain topics if you're not really
following the narrative story.
But the basic idea behind these notebooks is that they provide an environment where you can run code
and see detailed text.
For example when you start off the recruitment trials bootcamp you'll get files that look like this.
And then if you click on one of them they'll have information here that you can read about creating
strings and then also have code so you can see here that there's text that's explaining what's going
on as well as code that you can run and play around with.
And I think personally that's one of the best ways to learn Python.
We'll be discussing it a lot more detail how these junior notebooks work how to create your own notebooks
how to open these notebook files.
But I just want to make it clear that for the majority of course we're going to be using this environment
that allows you to have both explanatory text and code and every single lecture is going to have a notebook
related to it.
During the course we'll also show you how to work of text editors such as subline text to create standard
Python scripts.
And every note book can actually be easily saved as a postscript or many other formats including T.M.
the three forms we provide the notebooks in is a zip file that you can download straight from the lecture.
You should see a little blue pop up as revealing the lecturer saying that there's resources available.
One of them is a zip file of all the notes and files that we used during the course.
In other one is an NBA viewer's link recone just viewed the notes and download notebooks one by one.
And then there's also a bubbling reconvened the notes for the repo make pool requests.
In case you want to add stuff and you can even download all the notes as a zip file directly from the
Internet.
In case for some reason you can't connect to you to me.
You can check the resource links in the lecture for all the links for the three forms.
Basically have three different ways of getting it to download all the notes onto your computer.
Now finally how to get help with Python.
It's really easy to get stuck or make mistakes especially when you're learning a new skill or programming
language.
So I want to quickly talk about the fastest way to get help.
But during the course first I would always recommend that you do a google search for your error because
really about 90 percent of the time someone else has the exact same errors you and the first link on
Google is an answer to that error.
Or even if it's not an error if it's just a question on how to do something a full listen Python or
maybe how to do a particular task in Python just google searching that task.
There's almost always an answer already for you.
So that way you don't even need to wait for a response from us.
There's an answer ready to go on Google.
Now if you need something a little more technical it will more specific.
You can search a Web site known as Stack Overflow for Python questions you can even ask questions there
and often when you do a google search for replies on a related question the very first links are going
to be Stack Overflow links and stack overflow.
It's basically a Web site where people ask programming questions and then other people answer them and
answers get voted.
If they're useful Now let's see.
Of course specific questions maybe you want to have a more detailed question on a particular lecture
something that doesn't really make sense to Google search or search on stack overflow.
What I would recommend doing first is searching the Q&A forums already on the to course.
It's likely that other students have maybe had a similar question to yours.
And that way you can quickly find an answer.
Now if you've tried all these things and still can't find an answer that's absolutely no problem.
You can post your question to the question answer forums and please include as much detail as possible
including what you've already tried.
Maybe links you've already visited screenshots and any other useful information and that will really
help us respond and reply to your question quicker and in a way that's useful to you.
Keep in mind for any issues related to the Tomy platform.
If you're having issues with video playback buffering or payments of course or how to get certified
of course please contact you to me support.
You can email them at support Itam Mediacom or we can just open a support ticket at the support page
for issues related to the new to me platform.
They're the best context for that.
Now as far as how to approach this course there's basically two different types of learners.
Well three really.
There is the faster and maybe sometimes more experienced learners.
There's kind of middle of the road learners and then there's the steadier learners for people who are
more experience of programming in Python and maybe just have taken a lot of online courses and you're
really fast at learning them.
What I would recommend doing is that you review the notebooks before the videos and just see if that's
enough for you.
You can usually just read and scan the note book faster than watching the entire video and if you already
get the idea from reading the note book maybe you just want to skip the simpler videos so you can kind
of jump around or go forward using those notebooks and what I would also recommend the fear a fast learner
is maybe watch the videos at a faster speed.
You can always watch them at speed and in fact.
Personally I always watch courses online at a faster speed and it's usually because the instructor has
kind of a steady tone when they're reading up the code.
So I like to watch it to X speed.
Now for people that are kind of steadier learners and you go a little bit at a slower pace I would recommend
is that you watch the videos alongside with the notebooks.
That way you can hear the explanation that's being given to you through the screencast And you also
have the code right there beside you in the no book format.
In case you want to copy and paste and make sure you don't have any typos.
So use really the notebooks as an extra resource to the videos and optionally You can also slow down
the videos.
I tend to speak at a pretty steady pace but sometimes it's a little fast for people.
Or maybe English isn't your first language so you can always slow down the videos as well.
Or you can also read along with the notebooks.
Do you have lots of options here.
And if you're kind of middle of the road between faster and ear you can mix and combine whatever strategies
work best for you.
And lastly but most importantly just a huge thank you from the bottom of my heart for enrolling in this
course.
I really appreciate every single student than enrolls in these courses and I am so happy that you've
chosen me to be your instructor for Python.
All right the next lecture after this is just a text article lecture a frequently asked questions so
you can have a quick access to useful links.
But after that it's the course so we'll see you there.
Thank you again so much.